You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder
You are the light of my life and the poof in my pillow.
You have very smooth hair.
You deserve a promotion.
Good effort!
What a fine sweater!
I appreciate all of your opinions.
I like your style.
Your T-shirt smells fresh.
I love what you've done with the place.
You are like a spring flower; beautiful and vivacious.
I am utterly disarmed by your wit.
I really enjoy the way you pronounce the word 'ruby'.
You complete me.
Well done!
I like your Facebook status.
That looks nice on you.
I like those shoes more than mine.
Nice motor control!
You have a good taste in websites.
Your mouse told me that you have very soft hands.
You are full of youth.
I like your jacket.
I like the way you move.
You have a good web-surfing stance.
You should be a poster child for poster children.
I appreciate you more than Santa appreciates chimney grease.
I wish I was your mirror.
I find you to be a fountain of inspiration.
You have perfect bone structure.
I disagree with anyone who disagrees with you.
Way to go!
Have you been working out?
With your creative wit, I'm sure you could come up with better compliments than me.
I like your socks.
You are so charming.
Your cooking reminds me of my mother's.
You're tremendous!
You deserve a compliment!
Hello, good looking.
Your smile is breath taking.
How do you get your hair to look that great?
You are quite strapping.
I am grateful to be blessed by your presence.
Say, aren't you that famous model from TV?
Take a break; you've earned it.
Your life is so interesting!
The sound of your voice sends tingles of joy down my back.
I enjoy spending time with you.
I would share my dessert with you.
You can have the last bite.
May I have this dance?
I would love to visit you, but I live on the Internet.
I love the way you click.
You're invited to my birthday party.
All of your ideas are brilliant!
If I freeze, it's not a computer virus.  I was just stunned by your beauty.
You're spontaneous, and I love it!
You should try out for everything.
You make my data circuits skip a beat.
You are the gravy to my mashed potatoes.
You get an A+!
I'm jealous of the other kiosks you visit, because I enjoy seeing you so much!
I would enjoy a roadtrip with you.
If I had to choose between you or Mr. Rogers, it would be you.
I like you more than the smell of Grandma's home-made apple pies.
You would look good in glasses OR contacts.
You could go longer without a shower than most people.
I feel the need to impress you.
I would trust you to pick out a pet fish for me.
Will you sign my yearbook?
You're so smart!
We should start a band.
You're cooler than ice-skating Fonzi.
I heard you make really good French Toast.
You're cooler than Pirates and Ninjas combined.
I like your pants.
You're pretty groovy, dude.
When I grow up, I want to be just like you.
I told all my friends about how cool you are.
You can play any prank, and get away with it.
I can tell that we are gonna be friends.
I just want to gobble you up!
You're sweeter than than a bucket of bon-bons!
You're pretty high on my list of people with whom I would want to be stranded on an island.
You're #1 in my book!
Well played.
You are well groomed.
You could probably lead a rebellion.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
You are more fun than a Japanese steakhouse.
Your voice is more soothing than Morgan Freeman's.
You could be drinking whole milk if you wanted to.
You're so beautiful, you make me walk into things when I look at you.
I support all of your decisions.
You are as fun as a hot tub full of chocolate pudding.
I usually don't say this on a first date, but will you marry me?
I don't speak much English, but with you all I really need to say is beautiful.
Being awesome is hard, but you'll manage.
Your skin is radiant.
You will still be beautiful when you get older.
You could survive a zombie apocalypse.
I wish I could move your furniture.
You're so rad.
You're more fun than a barrel of monkeys.
You're nicer than a day on the beach.
Your glass is the fullest.
I find you very relevant.
You look so perfect.
The only difference between exceptional and amazing is you.
Last night I had the hiccups, and the only thing that comforted me to sleep was repeating your name over and over.
Your eyebrows really make your pretty eyes stand out.
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?  Thou art more lovely and more temperate.
I love you more than bacon!
You intrigue me.
You make me think of beautiful things, like strawberries.
You're more fun than bubble wrap.
Your smile could illuminate the depths of the ocean.
You make babies smile.
You make the gloomy days a little less gloomy.
You are warmer than a Snuggie.
You make me feel like I am on top of the world.
Playing video games with you would be fun.
Let's never stop hanging out.
You're more cuddly than the Downy Bear.
I would do your taxes any day.
You are a bucket of awesome.
You are the star of my daydreams.
If you really wanted to, you could probably get a bird to land on your shoulder and hang out with you.
My mom always asks me why I can't be more like you.
You look great in this or any other light.
You listen to the coolest music.
You and Chuck Norris are on equal levels.
I am having trouble coming up with a compliment worthy enough for you.
If we were playing kickball, I'd pick you first.
You're cooler than ice on the rocks.
You're the bee's knees.
I wish I could choose your handwriting as a font.
You definitely know the difference between your and you're.
You have good taste.
I named all my appliances after you.
Your mind is a maze of amazing!
Don't worry about procrastinating on your work, I know you'll do great!
I like your style!
If I could count the seconds I think about you, I will die in the process!
If you were in a chemistry class with me, it would be 10x less boring.
If you broke your arm, I would carry your laptop for you.
I love the way your eyes crinkle at the corners when you smile.
You make me want to be the person I am capable of being.
You're a skilled driver.
You are the rare catalyst to my volatile compound.
You're a tall glass of water!
You are the wind beneath my wings.
I like your face.
You are a champ!
Even my cat likes you.
There isn't a thing about you that I don't like.
You're so cool, that on a scale of from 1-10, you're elevendyseven.
Your shoes are untied. But for you, it's cool.
You have the best laugh ever.
We would enjoy a cookout with you!
Your name is fun to say.
I love you more than a drunk college student loves tacos.
My camera isn't worthy to take your picture.
You are the sugar on my rice krispies.
Nice belt!
I could hang out with you for a solid year and never get tired of you.
You're real happening in a far out way.
I bet you could take a punch from Mike Tyson.
Can you teach me how to be as awesome as you?
Our awkward silences aren't even awkward.
Don't worry. You'll do great.
I enjoy you more than a good sneeze. A GOOD one.
You could invent words and people would use them.
You have powerful sweaters.
If you were around, I would enjoy doing my taxes.
You look like you like to rock.
You are better than unicorns and sparkles combined!
You are the watermelon in my fruit salad. Yum!
I dig you.
I am enchanted to meet you.
I would trust my children with you.
You make me forget what I was going to...
Your smile makes me smile.
I'd wake up for an 8 a.m. meeting just so I could sit next to you.
You have the moves like Jagger.
All I want for Christmas is you!
You are the world's greatest hugger.
You have a perfectly symmetrical face.
If you were in a movie you wouldn't get killed off.
They should name an ice cream flavor after you.
You're the salsa to my tortilla chips. You spice up my life!
You smell nice.
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, a shoe with out laces, asentencewithoutspaces.
Just knowing someone as cool as you will hear this makes me smile.
I would volunteer to take your place in the Hunger Games.
If I had a nickel for everytime you did something stupid, I'd be broke!
I'd let you steal the white part of my Oreo.
I'd trust you to perform open heart surgery on me... blindfolded!
Perfume strives to smell like you.
I've had the time of my life, and I owe it all to you!
The Force is strong with you.
I would hold the elevator doors open for you if they were closing.
Your every thought and motion contributes to the beauty of the universe.
You make me want to frolic in a field.
